Just because I said a few words, he wanted to drive me away.
more than. The first is that you disrespect your elders.
Tonight is the big day for the entire Linjiang Province to welcome Feng Xichen to the Jiang family.
As a junior, you are innocently late.
Let everyone be waiting for you tonight.
Secondly, you are narrow-minded.
Yemen is domineering, and the Huo family and our Jiang family have always been family friends.
You actually bullied Miss Huo in public,
Keep people like you in the Jiang family.
Word got out
How can our Jiang family gain a foothold in Linjiang?
Today, as Jiang Mian’s aunt, I
I'm going to make the decision for her
I'll fix this idle wife of yours.
In what age are you still repairing your wife?
I'd rather leave
Just don't know
How much oxygen uptake fee can your Jiang family give?
I'm also afraid of your Young Master Sun of the Jiang family
Can't live without me
too much
It's too much
can't live without you
Such an important thing
How could you say that in front of so many people?
What do you mean? Jiang Mian
You have to let this happen
The third subordinate's woman
Will you continue to embarrass our Jiang family?
She is not some third subordinate woman
she is my wife
from today
Who dares to say that she is not
Just with me
with the whole ginger guy
In addition, it will disgrace the Jiang family
Please take a look at the other one
You yelled "grab your mouth"